All right, cool. So, today's video, um,
I want to wrap everything everything
from the top down. I want to do
everything from the beginning when it
comes to top down
analysis, knowing where we are. Um, are
we buying or are we selling at a higher
low, lower high? Do we have a shift to
structure and then entry signal? Right?
And I'm just going to do it with um
let's see. Should I do it with a pair
that has had a trade or should we do
with a pair that can potentially have a
trade or let's do it with let's do it
with a pair that has already had the
trade and we saw it play out perfectly.
Sound fair enough? That that sound good?
So you get the full rundown cuz this
trade right here is exactly what I
explained in the strategy. And if you
guys notice what I explained the
strategy, we at least have one pair
every single week move how we want it
with the strategy. Notice what I said
there. At least one
pair out of all of these pairs move with
the strategy once a week. Yes, we can
predict that gold or that gold was going
to have this pullback to this area of
interest. That's not part of the
strategy. That's just us wanting the
trade to go here. And then we also
predicted that if price doesn't break
and retest under here that price was
going to have the push up. Right? That's
not part of the strategy. What I mean is
a a trade like let's
say AUD CAUD CAD from the strategy has
the actual move. Then we have Euro JPY.
The strategy has the actual move. Euro
GBP the strategy it has the actual move.
You guys are seeing what what I mean by
that example, right? At least once a
week we have one pair that moves with
the strategy. All you simply have to do
is do the proper topdown analysis on
every single one of these pairs and find
everything we're about to go into.
Right? You guys are with me? Type one if
everything looks clear. If you guys have
any questions, so we can get it
now. All
right. Perfect. Everybody's putting one.
No questions. We're all
good. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Cool. So
let's do Euro JPY because this is
obviously the one that we did together.
We saw it play out so on and so forth,
right?
So let's delete
everything. When I mean by everything, I
mean
this I find myself doing everything, but
I see everyone in the chat taking
trades. I feel like if I'm doing
something wrong. So like the same way
how you can apply this strategy, you can
apply it to the lower time frames. So
that's kind of what maybe the guys are
doing. Um you know you you know like
people are going to trade no matter
what. It just goes back to the risk
tolerance and that's exactly what I'm
going to basically do today. And then
there's more people that are more
aggressive and people that are less
aggressive. I personally myself I am I
feel like I am the least aggressive
trader ever because like I don't feel
the need to be involved like I don't
have to trade right like I only trade if
it makes sense. So your JPY. So first
things first, delete all of that. Gone.
Let's do it
again.
Confluences to
go long. First things
first,
weekly. Are we bullish? Are we bearish?
Obviously, let's pretend like this
bullish candle isn't here. So are we
bullish or are we bearish on the weekly?
Okay. Yep. Again, we're doing every
we're going to wrap everything up and do
it one go right now so you guys see how
simple it is. If anything, we can time
it, right? Let's say we started at 610.
You just see how fast it is. We can do
it in 2 3 minutes, right? I I mean, it's
going to take a little bit longer simply
because I'm going to draw everything out
so everybody understands. So, we take it
step by step. There's no cutting
corners. So this would be the higher
low. This would be the higher high. The
moment we body closed above here, now
this turns the higher high. And then the
last structure point turns to the higher
low. Whether we decide it's going to be
this one or be this one, doesn't matter.
The weekly is bullish. You guys are with
me on that. Simple, easy. Then we go
down to the daily. Daily time frame. We
do the same exact thing. As you can see,
the daily was
creating higher low and then we have a
higher high. Body stick hand candle
closed above making this the higher
high. Then this the higher low and then
the body closed under. Exactly what I
say. At the moment we body closed under.
This now goes bearish. What a
coincidence. Like you guys are seeing
how it's not a coincidence that the
moment we close under this line, price
has a minor retracement and then drops.
It's not a coincidence. It's because the
market structure is now bearish. You
just seeing the beauty of that, right?
Like there's no EMA. It's literally just
market structure telling you, right? So
now we know that this is the low and
then this eventually became the lower
high and then this became the lower low.
So we understand the
daily. So the weekly is
bullish. Daily
bullish. Now we go to the 4 hour. The
4our is at the moment bearish. As you
can see this is the lower high and then
this
is the lower low. You guys seen that?
Very simple, clean, right? like it's no
there's no need to go on 25 explanations
on why it's very straight to the point
that's how it's supposed to be 4hour is
bearish so after here we have a
mandatory reset to the higher time frame
as the week yeah good good the daily is
bearish daily is bearish so then here we
have a mandatory reset to the weekly
time frame we need to understand what is
the weekly time frame doing. So as you
can tell we are creating a weekly higher
low higher
higher low. As you can tell in the
weekly time frame we are not at this
point right here. We are not at this
point right here. We are at this point
right here where we can have the next
push to the upside. So even though we're
not buying at a weekly area of interest
because there's nothing clean we could
identify, we're at three because one is
at the top, two is on the way. So let's
just show this on the chart really fast.
One is here, meaning we're at a higher
high on the weekly. But let's put
here one. Two is we are on our way to
our area of interest. So we are nowhere
near where we're looking to buy at. So
this is what would be two. And then
three would be once we are at our area
of interest that it is resistance now
used as support or it is at a point
where it can create a potential higher
low. We all understand that we
understand the difference between 1, two
and three. Type one if it makes
sense. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Okay.
This is just again just want to recap
everything just so it's we're moving
forward. Everything we're going over is
a con like it's already like you know
like we're building a house. It's
already a concrete it's it's already pl
set in stone and we move on to the next
block. Right? So we understand weekly we
are at three meaning we're at a point
where we can create a higher high.
Simple. Now after we identify that we go
back down to the daily. Daily same
thing. Where are we? As you can tell, we
are at a area of interest. Simple. This
is where we come here. Come here. Same
exact thing with three. Four doesn't
matter because remember any time frame
from four down is simply just four
entries. So, we're going to put this
here. Side
note, we only buy at weekly or daily
period of interest.
anything from the 4hour
[Applause]
down or entries. It's really that
simple. Do you guys get this little side
note, right? We only buy the weekly or
daily area of interest. Anything from
the 4hour down is just for entries. So
now that we understand where we are on
the daily and we are here, we need to
buy at a higher low. So after we
understand that we are rejecting a daily
area of interest, we're rejecting a
weekly structure point. So we'll go
ahead and type that up. What are we
doing on the weekly? So after we
identify everything, we come right back
to the weekly. Weekly
is
weekly retesting
previous structure point. That's all we
have on the weekly. There's nothing else
we can type up. We are not rejecting. So
let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do
this. So it's even
simpler. Watch. This is a side note. So
we'll do another side note.
So this is side
not one through. So side note numbers
one through
four I mean two through
four two through five. Right.
So if you are
not
rejecting a structure
point, I'm going to make this so
easy. Structure
points,
EMA, area of
interest or
That's it. These are the only four
things we can identify to type in for
number two. We are either rejecting a
structure point, we're rejecting the
EMA, we're rejecting an area of
interest, a wrong psychological level,
or we have a weekly rejection candle.
You guys are seeing how now your mind
can't go and then create a confluence to
type here. Like for number two, you only
have to select one of these four. Does
that make sense? I feel like this is
super gangster. I should have done this
 like forever ago. But like you get
like forever ago. But like you get
me like I learn as I go cuz this is
good. This is literally like if you're
going to go to a quiz right now and it
says select an answer, you just select
one and then obviously read the question
which one makes the most sense. You just
click it. It's not like the one. Oh,
type an answer. Then you can go crazy
and you can completely like get that
 wrong. So when you reset back to
wrong. So when you reset back to
the weekly time frame to see where we
are, what are we doing? You only have to
type one of these five right here.
You're either rejecting a structure
point, you're rejecting an EMA, you're
rejecting an area of interest around
psychological level, or you have a
weekly rejection candlestick. Very
clear, simple type one if that makes
sense. This is fire. Okay, simple. All
right. So for here this is all we have.
All we have is a weekly rejection from
the structure
point. You want me to repeat? Okay. So
after we
analyze that we are a weekly time frame
is bullish, daily time frame is bearish,
4hour time frame is bearish. You need to
mandatory reset on the weekly time
frame. come back to the higher time
frame and start typing up your
confluences. What's next? What comes
after this? What are we doing on the
weekly? Are we rejecting our support
level? Like what? Like what the hell are
we doing? For example, let's say if we
were to type it up here, we have a high.
This right here, we can type up weekly
bullish rejection candlestick cuz you
can see right here, this is our only
option of what we can fill in. This is
our trading plan. We're just filling it
in with what's right here. Does that
make it more clear, Elijah?
Yes. Okay. Perfect. But they are not the
same percentages. Correct. Correct.
Correct. Correct. And I can go as far as
doing that right
now. But what if we are bullish in what
if we are bullish in the daily and the 4
hour but bearish in the weekly? That's
fine. That's what that's what you
identify these four. We can go on some
examples on that now. So this is what we
have for two, right? There's nothing
else you can type up on two. All right,
cool. You simply now go to the daily. I
mean, there's nothing else you can type
up on the weekly. You can't type up cuz
look, it's very simple. After you
selected this one, can you se
