bodies. So again this is telling you
right here if buying at weekly area of
interest your take profit is at the
weekly. This is a side note. And again,
same thing for
here. If
buying at a
daily area of interest and aiming for
a
daily higher high take profit is to be
at the structure point. Does that make
sense? Simple.
Not really, Jonathan. Not really. Not at
all. Is this simple? Does this make any
sense? Perfect. So, for this example
right here, what are we doing? We are
rejecting daily area of interest. If you
notice, we are buying at a daily area of
interest. So, buying at a daily area of
interest. Buying at a daily area of
interest. Holy That means I must
set my takerit at a daily area of
interest. Holy this is gave me so
much anxiety. We're going to fix it now.
So then this right here, we would place
it at our daily structure point, which
would be this point right here. You guys
are seeing how that makes sense. You
guys are seeing how that's simple. And
then what do you do after that? You take
it. You just set and forget. And then
boom, your gets hit. It's literally
that simple.
Do you guys have any questions as of
right now with everything we have done
here? I'm going to put everything here
right now for you guys so you guys have
screenshots of everything because this
is the whole entire strategy right here.
Like this is everything we've explained
in the past 30 days in one simple
screenshot. All right, hold on. Let me
just make it clean for you guys. Hold
on. Hold on.
Hold on, let me make it
clean. All you have to do is just print
this out and have it next to your
desk on a sticky note, whatever you
want. It's all you
need. Okay, so this would be and I'm
going to have the chart here. So, it's
an example of what can happen when you
have a trade like this. This would be
step one.
This would be step
two. This would be step
three. This would
be step
four. This would
be step
five. And then everything from here is
just side notes. Side notes. There has
to be another side note. There it is.
And then this is a side note. So this is
a side note for stop-loss. A side note
for take profit. Side note, we only buy.
So let's do this right here. Let's do
this right
here. I'm going to take a screenshot
for my damn
self. So this go ahead take a
screenshot. Um do whatever you got to do
with it. But this is
exactly Wow. I've gotten better. I
really have. It's crazy. I'm telling
you. Like I I like before I get on the
Zoom, like I'm like, "All right, how do
I make this easier?" Like I have to
brainstorm, you know? Okay, so this is
it. Let's just recap everything one more
time, right? We are only going to buy at
a weekly or daily area of interest.
Anything from the four down is just for
entries. As you can tell, when it comes
to stop-loss and take-profit placement,
we'll cover that when the time comes for
that. Right. Step one, when we type our
weekly time frame, we need to either be
rejecting one of these points right
here. Step two, when we are going to
type up things for confluences on the
daily time frame, we need to type up
whatever's here.
After we understand where we are in the
daily time frame, then we need to
mandatory buy at a higher low or sell at
a lower high. Right? And then this is
where we'll wait for the shift of
structure. After as we're waiting for
this higher low or lower high, we then
need to be constantly moderating the
15minut, 30 minute or 1 hour for this
shift of structure to continue with the
higher time frames. As you can tell, we
waited for this shifted structure here
to go bullish to continue with our uh
weekly time frame and buying at a daily
area of interest. Which time frames are
the correct ones to look at? Whichever
ones look the cleanest, whichever one
makes the most sense. After that, once
we get the shift of structure, whether
it's on the 15, 30 minute, 1 hour, we
now look for an engulfing on the 1 hour,
2 hour, 4 hour, whichever looks the
cleanest and has the strongest
confirmation. The higher the time frame,
the stronger the confirmation. So, if
you get an engulfing on the 4 hour, it's
obviously stronger than the 2hour, but
if you get an engulfing on the 4 hour,
you're going to get an engulfing on the
2hour, 1 hour, cuz they will all go at
the same time by then. You know, it's
very simple. When it comes to placing
your stop loss, you need to place your
stop loss wherever it gets hit. You are
completely wrong. Also known as the
bottom of the shift of structure on the
15-minute, which is step four. So once
you have the shift of the structure,
place your stop loss under it. Give it
some breathing room. When it comes to
your takerit, literally place it at the
weekly high or the daily high, depends
where you're buying. I'm telling you,
you just copy and paste this and then
there's just no questions to be asked.
You literally just type your confluence
up and then there it
is. Feel like my mission here is
accomplished. I feel I I genuinely feel
good. Thank you. Zoom. This man was
applauding. Thank you,
man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank
you. So, can I explain how I have
multiple take profits? Do you place
three, four separate trades? do you have
separate? So for this type of trading
strategy, I only have one takeprofit and
it's just here and I close there or I
get stopped out. That's really it. Now
what I'm kind of doing now, I have
multiple take profits and they're really
not multiple take profits. They're just
like whenever I'm at a onetoone
risk-to-reward. So let's say right here.
And this is just more for like the
signals. The reason why I have multiple
take profits is because everybody has a
risk a different risk tolerance and then
not a lot of people will hold all the
way and they just like there's people
literally in the signal group that they
only like they every single trade they
take they close at a one or they close
at a 1 to2 or they'll close at a one to
three whatever you get me like the
signal room is it's a it's just like
it's a wild place right like everybody
that goes in there has their own type of
trading but I you know for me the way
I'm teaching you guys And the way to
that how I got where I am today is with
this style. This is more kind of to just
give people signals and they kind of
don't want to learn how to trade. They
just want to copy and paste. And they
I'm telling you there's people that have
a certain approach. They're like, "Bro,
if I just copy his signals, the majority
of the time they hit a one to one just,
you know, making couple cents. Some the
majority of the time they hit a one to
two, but not everybody will hold to the
final take profit." So that's what I
have that when it comes to the signals,
that's what the multiple take profits
are. Just so the people know like, yo,
we're here. If you want, you get out or
you could keep going. It's literally
what it is. Um, and then yeah, all the
takeprofits are placed at each
risk-to-reward. So, if take profit three
is hit, it's because we're up a one to
three risk-to-reward. It's not like a
madeup number. People like make up
random numbers, which makes no sense to
me.
Um, okay. Let me let me let me just read
some questions.
Yes, Jonathan, because we already
rejected our area of interest. Thank
you, Max. Thank you, man. Thank you,
Jeremy. How would I go about multiple
entries? I'll just do one one entry. I
don't I don't like I hate scaling in
honestly. Yeah, that's where you get
wicked out cuz if you're scaling in now,
you're buying
here. Now, you're buying here and then
you're literally breaking rule number
one.
We only buy at weekly or daily areas of
interest. It's it's very it's literally
that simple. That's why I hate scaling
it. Like even now, like I'm drifting or
whatever. I I just
don't. Do you leave trades open
overnight? Yeah. Like I take my trade
and I put my take profit and whenever it
gets there, bro, this trade got here
very fast. 1 2 3 4 days. They're telling
me you can't hold a trade for 4 days for
a 1 to six risk-to-reward. Come on. You
know, very simple.
Okay. Stop loss box. When you when do
you place it
below. Damn crap. Don't understand that
one,
man. I just don't I just don't I just
don't like when when do you place it
[Music]
below? Damn. Yeah, man. I don't get it,
man. Um just want to say I'm truly
grateful. No, appreciate you.
Um, what percentages do I put aside for
taxes? I mean, bro, like taxes is just
different for everybody. Like, it's a
lot. Like, it's it's a lot. No. Like, it
really is a lot. It's kind of why we
have to buy all this Like, we have
we have to buy the car. We have to buy
all this annoying stuff cuz it's just,
you know, just spend the money. It's
like a loss. It's
depreciation. That's why that's why Ro
gets 25 cars cuz it's a write-off. All
those like all that depreciation is a
write-off.
When will you
give when will you give your trade a
second chance if stop losses hit? Great
question, Daniel. Great question. So, I
was asked if when do I give my trade a
second chance if my stop loss is hit?
So, let's zoom in right here cuz this is
where my stop loss would get hit, right?
So let's say this trade right here
presumably or however you say that word
let's say it goes from here that it goes
bullish it creates a higher high we take
our trade but then it comes and it hits
stop loss straight away I'm waiting for
the same thing I need to wait for the 30
minute time frame shift when this shifts
to bullish again I do the same thing
I'll take the trade here and now I have
my stop loss here I have to wait for the
shift of structure again. That's it. Cuz
it happens like this can this can
literally stop me out. Like it can do
this. It can do this right here. It can
come down a little bit lower and then
here it shifts to bullish. And now this
is where I take my trade right here. So
I just have to say I just want to say
thank you for truly your
answer. Thank you Mandy. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank
you.
Do you ever get out early if you see
that it's reversing on you until you get
stopped out or break even? So for kind
of positions like this one
um where I'll place my take like that's
why like I don't want to place my
takerit at the wick cuz if you place it
at the wick it like it's so exact like
it's kind of scary like it's literally
like to the tea. I want to place the
takerit to the bodies. So, I feel like
the bodies is enough like I'm not like
stretching it out to the max like I'm
reaching it to the point where I think
it's fair. So, for example, let's say
that I was buying right here. Um, let's
say let's say whatever I was buying at
at this point right here. My take
profit's going to be the daily structure
point. I'm getting out at the bodies
right here. So, I don't care that it
went this little extra push, which if
you do the math, like it could add up to
like a whole other one or 2%. But no, I
want I I I get out at the
[Music]
bodies. You forgot how I separate my
3030. So, it's it's a 30 30 30 10 rule,
but that's just something completely
aside from
this. What do you have to
pay? Yes. Yes. Correct, Max. Yes.
Can you explain the times that you take
trades from 3:00 to 5:00 a.m. or 9 to
11? So, with this approach, um, like
like exactly what I'm teaching you guys
here, let me just kind of organize
everything again. Um, so everything that
I teach you guys here, it's literally to
be done on any time frame outside
of Sydney and Tokyo. So you could take
the trade pre-London, during London,
pre- New York, during New York. That's
it. Cuz you're giving your trade enough
room to breathe. You get me? Like like
this is the type of strategy you could
take at any of those times. So like for
example, right now I won't take a trade
right now at all, but I'll take a trade
at 12:00 p.m. EST. It's like it's like 2
3 hours before uh London, which is fine.
You get me? just I will only take it if
I have this my entry signal. As soon as
you as soon as your strategy is met and
you're kind of like couple hours off
from the session, you take the trade.
You know, there's no like, oh, I have to
wait for it to hit. Not really. You
know, I hope it does, Jeremy. I really
hope it does. I really, trust me, I
genuinely really hope it
does. Do you guys have any questions?
Yes. Yes, Max. Yes, Max. Do you guys
have any questions? Anything? Um, I'm
telling you, this has probably been
like, but not probably. This is like
been the best boot camp I have ever
done. Like, you know, you guys have
gotten the first of it. Um, with these
boxes right here, the next boot camp is
just going to be even even easier. I
probably won't even do a month ever
again. I'll probably just do like two
weeks. Um, you know, just kind of
explain it box by box. So, you know, you
guys are witnesses. You guys are just
been But like the thing that I like
about the 30 days is like bro you bro we
literally like come on like we saw this
whole move together we called this whole
move together. We saw this whole move
together we called this whole move
together. We saw this pull back together
and we like you get what I mean? Like
it's just different 30 days.
